So let's go through this
exercise together, so
the first two things we can
do just via the elements tab.
So the very first one, I'm gonna open up
the DevTools, and use this selector to
find the list that we're in and
see that it is an unordered list and so
you can just double click to
edit it UL and then hit enter.
That'll change it so you'll notice
it goes from numbered to dots.
The second one is interesting,
it's probably the easy,
there's a couple different
ways you could actually do it.
The easiest way probably would be
to look for an event listener so
if we again use this, select the link
here, then go over to event listeners and
we can see that there's two this one
is this color scheme for my code.
So that's not it this one's
a click listener and so
if we click on it,
it'll take us to the sources and
it'll actually take us to the actual
function that's calling it.
So the button in the block
quote is kind of interesting.
So if we remember from
the specificity class,
we would see that the element selectors,
the weakest class,
the next than ID, and
then inline styles are the strongest, but
the very,
very strongest thing is an important tag.
So it should be this yellow color
the other way that we could do it though,
because DevTools helps you cheat,
which is awesome is we could just
find the block quote in the DOM here.
And then we could just go to the computed
tab and then we can just see that yellow
is the color that wins out here so we can
actually see it before it's even rendered.
So that's yellow and then for the last
one, can you find out the border color,
the one with this ID again,
a couple different ways we could do it.
You can always just scroll through
them [LAUGH] and you can look for
it that's no problem at all.
You could also cheat a little bit by
doing something like document get element
by ID and then passing that ID in and
this way we'll bring the element in here.
And sort of like we covered before you can
see right where my mouse is now that if I
hover on it,
it says it's down but we can also right
click and we can scroll it into view.
And we can see this is the card with
that ID and it has a border of green.
So any questions on this exercise?
And then I had a couple questions that
came in in between that I wanted to go
through, but if anybody has anything
on the this exercise itself,
I'd love to hear.
So the question was,
how did we find the JavaScript for
when you clicked this link up here?
How did we get there?
So I open up DevTools and
I'll go to the elements panel and
I wanna be over here on
the event listeners panel.
And so what the event listeners
will do is it'll show you any and
all event listeners on the currently
selected item over here.
And so the easiest way to do it is to use
the selector to get the link and now that
the link is hovered we'll see that over
here up here at the click listener.
And this click listeners on the link, and
it actually has the JavaScript file and
the line number so
if you click that, it'll take you
into the sources right on that line.
Again, a lot of these are easy
with like the cleaner exercises
like often you'll as your the code
gets bigger and more complicated.
It might be a little bit obscured
away with like a helper function,
but this is at least get you on
the right track for finding it.
And we work with debuggers later we'll
see that finding the line can actually be
super helpful once you set a breakpoint
on it, which we'll do in another section.
I had one really good question
earlier too, which I wanted to answer,
it's actually very similar to
this one that we just covered.
It was like the element breakpoints where
you're resetting a break on over here.
And the question was, okay, well,
what if you're using some kind of
framework like let's say you're using
React, so won't be as simple as like,
div enter text equals hello,
could you do it that way?
The short answer is actually the same,
which is you can set a breakpoint do the
thing, yes, it will open a react function,
but you can walk the call stack back
to the your specific application code.
And we'll do some really cool
stuff with debuggers later but
that's the short answer.
The longer answer, though, is if you're
using a framework and that framework has
its own DevTools, which we'll cover at the
end, that would probably be your best bet.
So if you get the React DevTools, and
then you look at the React elements panel,
which would be a new DevTools over here,
that can show you specifically
why a component rendered, right?
So that would be like hey, this render
because you clicked this thing like that,
it'd be a lot more helpful but
you can do it without the React DevTools.
You'll just have to look at
a big long call stack and
you'll have to look at the file names and
you have to walk back until it's not core
react Jes dot j s anymore until
it's your actual application.